Now I want to add a dropdown here that will display all the rooms.
So if we go back to the application, we will stop this and we will work on the register page model.
We have the cat handler in order to display a dropdown.
We need an innumerable select list item so we can add that inside the input model that we have.
So at the end here with phone number, I will add and I enumerable off the select list item.
I will call that as a rule, the best way to make sure we are validated.
Never because we never want any validations on this I enumerable.
Then we can load this inside the cat handler using projection.
We are not passing any input model here because it is empty by default.
Right now, we want to populate the row list, so we will say input is equal to a new input model.
And on this, we just want to populate our row.
Next, we want to use our database for that.
Now how can we get all of the rules that are present inside the table of ASP.NET roles?
As I said before, we have the helper method intact for the manager, so we do not have to access our
application to be context right now.
So what role manager?
We have roles and on that we can do a select projection from all the roles.
We just want to select more of the role.
Once we select the name, we will use projection on select statement and we will protect that to a new
select list item.
And when we create that, we kind of signed the text and value, so text will be the name and the value
will also be I.
Because names will be distinct when we are working with roles.
So this will not be an issue.
So we have to role that is populated with the help of projections and billing statements.
But projections basically does is where we have some list here.
It will project or extract some data back here.
It is just extracting name.
And then we are projecting that name to a select list item.
So in the end, it will be an innumerable off the select list item.
Pretty cool.
Lastly, we just need to display this inside the dropdown.
So instead, register here.
Like my copy?
That div based pasted one more time I can remove the validation.
This will not be an input.
It will actually be a select.
So let me start from scratch.
We have the ASP for tag helper.
We need to bind it to some property so that whatever we select from the list of rules is binding.
When the form is posted so far that we need to create one more property inside our model.
We will call that as a rule and we can make it available as well.
So the input for this we can set input back rule, then we need to get the role list.
So roll list will be the tag helper ASP items and that is inside models that input dark raw list.
Now, if you do not want the Model S. such as binded, you can just use input to the list, after all.
Finally, let's get rid of bootstrap class form select, and that looks good if you want.
You can add a default option which will be disabled where we can say select run at me, save this and
run the application.
So if I go to register now, we should see the list of roles.
Perfect.
That looks great.
But right now, the rules are only displayed.
What we need to do is find this electoral here and hit the register button.
Users should be created with federal.
Let's do that in the next video.